alright guys welcome to the CC u 2019
may I masters and my name is Jacob my
name is sinners my name is Philip Oh
finally they am master today is the
finer right now so Simone would you feel
like that is our WCG 2019 the very first
time here in China Xian you know I'm
really looking forward to what is going
to happen today you Philip meet you I'm
really excited and the players had like
two additional weeks to improve their
algorithms and they need to perform
today in the main stage yeah we have to
introduce Philip once again here because
actually Philip is one of the developers
of this game of our AI masters so Philip
here is our true master here yeah true
Massa and by the way welcome to see a
welcome to China
welcome yeah it's a pleasure to be here
my first time in Chien and the city is
amazing yeah really beautiful Tomas
we're here in the WCG
is there pressure for us to partner with
yous and this here's the question I
think a lot of people we would just
wonder what is the AMS er and here is
the one of the developers that true
master doctor available Syria and I want
to ask what exactly is a a Masters it's
really simple you have five robots in
one side five robots in the other side
playing football
yeah robot soccer and you need to create
our strategy to win games but the key
point of this game is that you have a
set of different techniques to create
your AI and you can have a whole new
algorithms using deep learning like the
alphago the new alphago the new deep
blue so gonna see some interesting
techniques today wow I mean that sounds
really like in
let's see the overviews here you can see
the price of the Chairman's second
answer that Wow
it's very crazy and we can see the roots
here and the group is around roving on
four groups each words four players top
two players of each group advantage
advance them called
master created stage for a lot of a lot
of a student or teachers are a lot of
just love this AR and we can see they
are wrong Romans here we have a lot of
country all over the words coming join
our en masse to spinal yeah today we
have now we can see the scatter here the
bad one is the a ice source okay from
South Korean food Viesturs China Union
also is from the South Korean yeah but
is actually exchange student from the
chi-wai University and Vasu is kgs GT
from South Korean yester er a front
person this disturbing so first and the
second match here yes so about the first
match Philip do you know these players
yup this player we can see here this is
very handsome here young John from
Carnegie Mellon University
- both charm and the next is don't don't
show me career at name this is a little
bit hard for us but it's okay here both
of them is very handsome
playing fresh here today all right this
family check out the rules of the a I'm
masters here you know we have to know
that arrogancy the as4 ck here as
it's data you can see the trending Oh
quite a lot here yeah
yes yeah Anthony his algorithm Cyril way
so he really programs his strategy to
teach what the robot should do in each
situation and 1332 C what we focus on
yes we have this friend
babe smash of blazing control oh you can
see don't you Lea what is this charge
for and we will see right now okay um it
gotta be a little bit balanced compared
to the other probably defined really
good strategy against Jen I just wonder
what is a special player a special
player you have in the rules we have
penalty pigs who have golf kids who have
partner Kings depending on the situation
the game you need to get this place to
score because they're willing like
useful in the game and a lot of people
do not pay attention on that yeah and
let's check it out the Blues of the
Headmaster's WCG ai Masters is based on
regular soccer game rules for optimal
plays kickoff match starts with a
kickoff at the beginning of the first
and second halves and also a kickoff
will be given to the team that loses a
point corner kick
corner kick will be given when a
deadlock occurs around a corner area or
when a bolt is out of play by a defender
goal kick goal kick is given when too
many strikers with a ball charge into
the penalty area or when a bull goes out
of play by a striker all relocation
relocation ball will be relocated when a
deadlock occurs excluding the corner
areas penalty penalty kick is given when
too many defenders are in the penalty
area not giving any scoring chances red
card sent out when a robot is flipped
over it will be removed from the game
and resumed playing after a certain
period of time
all right after day we see how we can
see the rule of the am master I just
wondering Philip why you will just
create these home design as the football
game why don't you just decide as RDS or
move our game we have a lot of different
opportunities from now on and we are
evaluating different kind of games and
different platforms but the problem here
is that we have a really powerful GPUs
to train our algorithms and this is
gonna be interesting
yes and the games began we can see the
rest sighs AEI sorter can the blue sighs
a china union here we go um and look at
static here in wisteria exploring we can
see that the blue side from china union
has one player stick with the other goal
yep but I've just wanted the breast side
up to what what what is it doing the app
to stay on into the openness gate hits
back right now yeah maybe it's a tech
turn of that now the blue sides trying
to attack here right now the Conner and
d1 NT to just fight each other want to
find a place Hanford everyone get aboard
and after one do pass the ball
but no one would care sacks coming
around but after mr. M kick kick alright
restart restart
so the openin the first minute nothing's
happened right now it's a penalty
Oh alrighty done this is a first coat
here y'all the yeah congratulations
yeah this a problem with China Union you
can see that they commit a lot of Falls
and a difference in this game actually
yeah I mean this is exactly why you know
AI master is different from the real
soccer ball yeah because you know you
have five five players versus one five
players right so and you also even when
you have those same rules but here you
can see the games are really fast
you know the rounds are really fast the
guys are really effective here they
won't be tired the point is yeah they're
playing like real robots right now we
can see stay with 1 2 0 and the rest
side do you want just catch up over the
T two and a half two of the full-size
coming around and you see the T 2 and do
you want always fight together mark each
other
yep is that Sarah means he's attacking
or defending that that's a good question
like this is a counter strategy probably
because the opponent team the AI soccer
K the red team like he plays with three
offensive players in this corner I want
you one seam stack they are 50/50 of
this game and another difference here is
that the China Union team they have the
control of this game but they can't
score they seem that something's missing
for them the often side of the ball yep
different of dancing and do you wanna
indeed who once again but the app won
every time he would kick him stab away
oh I
evarin get bored and join to the corner
and d1 carefully of that and get a poor
pass away use the war that's a smart I
mean the balls just you know yeah or the
whole field that will become more faster
if you're passing a wisdom that that war
this can get really confusing because
you know in real soccer ball we don't
play this way and everyone once again
followed him sauter way right if you
went get aboard and f1 we started oh
come on once again tea to everyone
mmm I'm is the f1 whoa
and can you imagine for the players they
develop the code and right now they
can't do anything but just observe their
AI plane yeah how they're feeling right
now
how do you think but they are thinking
in this moment yeah I mean they just you
just have to sit there and do nothing
right yup I mean what kind of game is
this
and they're from one I can see that it's
designed for bouncing oh I can see um
the blue side China you know always use
the word bouncing this board that's
really effective in this game yeah once
again oh but it's bell um but that
degrees for oh it's a penalty kick Oh
what is that another one alright once
again come you're wrong okay all right
we saw and still a one to one here's the
four and forty right now we're finishing
the first half already yup the first
half still 10 second a right into the
corner the first step is about to end
but we as we can see from both sides
they are now going anywhere yup and the
first half will be and end up this time
maybe at the time spin stop but see they
still struggling off the ball but this
is the last round of that and after
trying to attack about the GK it's
ketchup or that goalkeeper is still okay
for that all right stuck again
Oh in this point is because like the
simulator time you use simulator steps
yeah I have five minutes in the
simulator steps yeah so when you get to
five minutes like the last part of the
simulator steps to finish the first half
so the first half darhk's of really 5050
just one to one here right now yeah and
we can see the first half highlights red
is let's check it out
Araya cross that's him
across Dr Ng the highlight we can
actually see and actually read that star
of both side we can see the blue team
just do that use the warning bouncy
knees with a bow and the rest side
actually I don't worry there so
understand of that so Phillip what can
you see out there red side the red side
is the problems that they have
three.hoorah bots on the orphans that
wait for opportunities so they do not
control the ball possession and they're
not controlling the game they let China
Union control the game and they rely on
the special player in the game and this
actually every match from the Kalevala
firing round when AI soccer k-16 you
against China Union with the same
strategy but right now things are
different
and the game is going to be competitive
Wow I mean it seems like you know
this is the first match of the game okay
I mean I'm sure a lot of you are just
like me very confused about this game
still you know so but don't worry we are
as new as you you know just yeah
everybody's kind of new to this but we
would try to explain more and more here
and we'll hopefully you know we'll get
to know you about this game but you know
here not everybody can play this game
you know these people are from all
around the world they are all from
famous universities are they are highly
intelligent you know I think maybe Jaco
and I you know we are IQ compared you
know by the way I'm not a good student
here and just make sense term color-wise
go forth we can see this also K is 45
and it goes again to 36 if that makes
sense they I'm almost playing defense
this morn but they are not so just
aggressive with that yeah no here we go
yeah ii happy 0 alright here we go again
so the program is the same maybe the
second half there
the consequence may be the same of that
yeah it looks like you know hopefully
something will change
yep yeah the physics in the simulator we
have the randomness of the physics so
the game is always different that's why
it's hard to create a good artificial
intelligence because you need to handle
the physics of the simulator and we
always have different opportunities
during the game so every time you know
you let your a I play the game the
result may be different yep for sure
it's different they were learning by
themself actually so what we call that
or FISA right out of he sure in
challenging well that one that point is
actually like real soccer ball because
you know no real soccer ball the result
just turned out to be single so up there
chess
yeah alright they've stopped here in the
f1 what it's a virtues doing their stop
it's a corner kick yeah okay okay
everyone get it but it doesn't make
sense
seems the app once should be the
attacker and and that time is a very
great opportunity portable side it was
really a good opportunity alright the
kidding back and the source okay we'll
find out what's going on
all right coming back everyone just get
a ball but I have to catch around and
three of them kicking around restart and
d1 catch poor once you go and after you
every time he would kicked him South
away and just kick the ball off the wall
and just holding back why is that yeah I
mean every time you could see the China
Union here try to get the ball back to
his side you know I don't know what
started you sure here we go again see
you need to get the different route to
attack the game on the corners and this
is a critical point you're gonna see
another
seems that they have really good plates
on the corners and this improve their
overall by a lot yep their offensive
plays much better because of the corner
play so sunshiny Union is good at
special plays right yeah they rely on a
special place for sure the axilla
extremely special really this how
absolute Gator boys do pulling back and
yeah it's a penalty kick yes big once
again I can see the China Union they
need to attack right now all right
special paint once again t21 fight each
other and everyone get a ball but it
just passed through the app to but I had
to we pull back they need to kick yeah I
haven't seen a kick right now it's been
33 minutes yeah I'm think for me you
know blue sides need more Oh players
yeah and this match is crucial for both
teams in this group like because we have
a clear favorite in kgs DT but the other
players in this group they are really
competitive and they need to play well
and create offensive opportunities if
they want to qualify for the
quarter-finals for sure yeah definitely
they have to change right now because
this is more about a defensive of that
about at a gap one get a poor but GK
just kiss the boys it's nice pending by
GK here yup right d1 poor it doesn't
have the headboard in this game right
now you can slay the bull with his head
and they scored a penalty kick another
one this is a problem of China
[Music]
congratulation together now is free to
one this also K here's got some
advantage here three penalty kicks
yup and we're gonna see the problem of
the China Union this defines a lot and
without attack
it's a good opportunity again again but
after just doing this very slow so the
GK can defends easily alright once again
after we pull back I know where the F -
we're going alright I've to get a ball
okay pass through the f1 once again okay
mmm something like that I mean a really
good one actually yeah yep it's fast
it's really really fast so the cheek'
cannot just react so as that fast I in
the second half it's been over right now
and congratulation of the saucer cake
here get a full one and won this game
wow man but the problem of the breast
sided China unit has a big big big
problem so depends a lot an attack is
very very slow and without any thread
through the elements for that and
highlights ready let's check it out
what's going on let's take a look
yeah it's very amazing of the x-l of
that king right now but we can see the
China Union have a lot of problem here
but Philip and what you will will advise
him
I advised them because they had the
control of this game they had the
opportunity to win this game but they
couldn't score they couldn't crew likes
Corwin in the offense so they really
need to improve the speed of their
offensive player and do not commit
penalties because the opponent will
capitalize on that opportunity yes you
don't want to give any opportunity to
China Union here right yes so as we can
see here the first half is actually I
mean no matter the first half or the
second half you can see China Union here
always he has a lot of opportunities to
get a bore but he you know I think he
you know always lose the chance to
attack you know he has the ball over the
other size goal but he didn't get he
didn't attack yeah
that's his problem because I think the
attack point will be more than a
defensive one it's more important
actually I admit that the special play
is very surprised for me there after we
pull back the ball and use the use of
water passing the boy into the gate but
definitely it didn't work it didn't work
really well yeah but you're gonna see
teams that they really gonna control and
be effective in this ball possession and
it's a lot of information in this game
because sometimes you can't get the
strategy that is within the game but
you're gonna see a lot of team relying
in this ball possession and have kick
opportunities like the last goal the
last goal you see that the kicking
opportunity in the midfield and when the
team has this opportunity they need to
capitalize yeah I mean is this some kind
of special play as well it's a special
play the teams look for kicking
opportunities and a lot of people rely
on this strategy yes but this game is
over this is the first game and
congratulation to the suitcase again but
I say a thing the China Union don't need
to worry because this is double
eliminations here oh no that's not a
double all right so this is CERN
first game is so for the shame of that
but I think the saucer came maybe will
improve more for the final because for
now the stategies as that I think is not
enough yeah III think that China Union
here now has a really difficult
group-stage because they lost the first
game that was really competitive but
they will need to find and win against
really strong teams to pacify this heart
for them right now yeah I mean so we now
have watched
[Music]
yeah the first game is over and the next
game meets the robot and neuter exciting
so just wait a second and we're back
soon